---
title: Version 23
description: Hotfix archive for version 23
icon: fontawesome/solid/bug-slash
lang: en
---

# Version 23

## About

Hotfixes fix a certain error and are usually provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is unpacked in the i-doit installation directory. Confirm the question whether you want to overwrite files during unpacking (**Y** key for "yes" or **A** key for "all"). Here you can find an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/i-doit/
cd /var/www/html/i-doit/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"

    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Hotfixes will be included in newer versions so that a renewed installation is not necessary.
    Should you use an older i-doit version it is essential to make an update to the latest version first.

    If a hotfix is required to update an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.

    As these are hotfixes we recommend installing them only when the adjustments are necessary for a flawless operation of your installation or you are requested by the support team to use them. Please ensure that you made a [backup of i-doit](../../../maintenance-and-operation/backup-and-recovery/index.md) before you use any hotfix.

    Please inform us about the use of hotfixes should you contact our support team afterwards.

!!! info "Current version"

    The requirements shown below apply to the current version of i-doit, in this case **23**. These requirements are adjusted for each release of i-doit. If the requirements of older versions are needed, the change history of this page can be used.

!!! attention "Declaration of consent"

    By downloading a hotfix you declare that you have read and understood the above mentioned notes completely.

## i-doit Core

### Images in fields which were inserted via URL or copy&paste are not displayed
!!! warning "If this is the case and a category is saved again the images are lost"

[i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9435_2f70cd2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9435_2f70cd2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Description field is limited to 65,535 characters

[i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9441_56d0fba.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9441_56d0fba.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Adding a model in category model not possible

[I-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9375_40177a3.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9375_40177a3.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Better object browser performance

[I-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9376_2ce8a0d.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9376_2ce8a0d.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### 'type' option for cmdb.objects filter does not work with id

[I-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9370_b8a4921.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9370_b8a4921.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### JDisc Import - "Only create newly scanned devices" creates duplicates

[i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9350.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9350.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Analyze Add-on 1.3

### Service assignment is not displayed in data quality

[Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/analyze/Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Forms Add-on 1.1.0

### Object Data is not saved or Categories are not loaded

It is necessary to re-index the category attributes via [Repair and clean up](../../administration/tenant-management/repair-and-clean-up.md), after applying the hotfix

[aof-17-incompatible-function-declaration.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/forms/aof-17-incompatible-function-declaration.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
