# Version 24

## About

Hotfixes fix a certain error and are usually provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is unpacked in the i-doit installation directory. Confirm the question whether you want to overwrite files during unpacking (**Y** key for "yes" or **A** key for "all"). Here you can find an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/i-doit/
cd /var/www/html/i-doit/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"

    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Hotfixes will be included in newer versions so that a renewed installation is not necessary.
    Should you use an older i-doit version it is essential to make an update to the latest version first.

    If a hotfix is required to update an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.

    As these are hotfixes we recommend installing them only when the adjustments are necessary for a flawless operation of your installation or you are requested by the support team to use them. Please ensure that you made a [backup of i-doit](../../../maintenance-and-operation/backup-and-recovery/index.md) before you use any hotfix.

    Please inform us about the use of hotfixes should you contact our support team afterwards.

!!! info "Current version"

    The requirements shown below apply to the current version of i-doit, in this case **24** These requirements are adjusted for each release of i-doit. If the requirements of older versions are needed, the change history of this page can be used.

!!! attention "Declaration of consent"

    By downloading a hotfix you declare that you have read and understood the above mentioned notes completely.

## i-doit Core

### SQL query is wrongly created when using Assigned workstation -> Parent object

[I-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9315.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9315.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Variable report on overview page causes 500 error

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9476.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/ii-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9476.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Path to save is deleted when editing from Backup (assigned Objects)

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9583_6c30c06.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9583_6c30c06.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### cmdb.category.purge does not work with C__CATG__LOCATION

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9589_6dcb916.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9589_6dcb916.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Wrong versions are loaded when multiple Operating systems are assigned

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9622_d9cd7ca.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9622_d9cd7ca.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Fatal error after update from 23 to 24 with PHP 7.4

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9474.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9474.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Analyze Add-on 1.3

### Service assignment is not displayed in data quality

[Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/analyze/Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
