---
title: Version 25
description: Hotfix archive for version 25
lang: en
---

# Version 25

## About

Hotfixes fix a certain error and are usually provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is unpacked in the i-doit installation directory. Confirm the question whether you want to overwrite files during unpacking (**Y** key for "yes" or **A** key for "all"). Here you can find an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/
cd /var/www/html/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"

    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Hotfixes will be included in newer versions so that a renewed installation is not necessary.
    Should you use an older i-doit version it is essential to make an update to the latest version first.

    If a hotfix is required to update an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.

    As these are hotfixes we recommend installing them only when the adjustments are necessary for a flawless operation of your installation or you are requested by the support team to use them. Please ensure that you made a [backup of i-doit](../../../maintenance-and-operation/backup-and-recovery/index.md) before you use any hotfix.

    Please inform us about the use of hotfixes should you contact our support team afterwards.

!!! info "Current version"

    The requirements shown below apply to the current version of i-doit, in this case **25** These requirements are adjusted for each release of i-doit. If the requirements of older versions are needed, the change history of this page can be used.

!!! attention "Declaration of consent"

    By downloading a hotfix you declare that you have read and understood the above mentioned notes completely.

## i-doit Core

### It is not possible to retrieve the next online i-doit update via button check while updating i-doit

When you click on the **Check for a new version** button then version 26 is not displayed.

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9844.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9844.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Wrong i-doit version is downloaded at updater

When you click on the **Check for a new version** button then version 30 is displayed.

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-10745.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-10745.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Variable report on overview page causes 500 error

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9476.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9476.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Date field from custom categories not displayed in mapping of csv import

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9604.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9604.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Set database without overwriting service

Use this if you get a error like:

```
PHP Fatal error:  Uncaught Error: Class 'isys_auth_document' not found in /var/www/html//src/classes/modules/document/isys_module_document.class.php:2776
```

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9729.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9729.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Reindex the Search is not working

Use this if you get a error like:

```
PHP Fatal error:  Uncaught Error: Call to a member function getCollector() on null in /var/www/html/main/src/classes/modules/cmdb/src/Search/Index/Signals.php:185
```

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9609.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9609.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## API Add-on 1.14.1

### Using API after update to i-doit 25 displays license error message

Use this when you receive an error message like:

```text
i-doit responded with an error: i-doit system error: Attention: Your "Checkmk 2" module is currently not licensed
```

[api_1.14.1_hotfix_API-429_fa3e703.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/api/api_1.14.1_hotfix_API-429_fa3e703.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Analyze Add-on 1.3

### Service assignment is not displayed in data quality

[Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/analyze/Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
