---
title: Version 29
description: Hotfix archive for version 29
lang: en
---

# Version 29

## About

Hotfixes fix a certain error and are usually provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is unpacked in the i-doit installation directory. Confirm the question whether you want to overwrite files during unpacking (**Y** key for "yes" or **A** key for "all"). Here you can find an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/
cd /var/www/html/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"
    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Hotfixes will be included in newer versions so that a renewed installation is not necessary.
    Should you use an older i-doit version it is essential to make an update to the latest version first.<br>
    If a hotfix is required to update an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.<br>
    As these are hotfixes we recommend installing them only when the adjustments are necessary for a flawless operation of your installation or you are requested by the support team to use them. Please ensure that you made a [backup of i-doit](../../../maintenance-and-operation/backup-and-recovery/index.md) before you use any hotfix.<br>
    Please inform us about the use of hotfixes should you contact our support team afterwards.

!!! info "Current version"
    The requirements shown below apply to the current version of i-doit, in this case ==29== These requirements are adjusted for each release of i-doit. If the requirements of older versions are needed, the change history of this page can be used.

!!! attention "Declaration of consent"
    By downloading a hotfix you declare that you have read and understood the above mentioned notes completely.

## i-doit core

### Migration error when updating (ID-10808)

Is used for doing the update from 29 or 30 to 31. Unzip File and do the Update.
Do **not** download the update package again, this would override the Hotfix.

??? info "Error message found in the Webserver logs"
    ```log
    Fatal error: Uncaught TypeError: getDefaultConfiguration(): Argument #1 ($className) must be of type string, null given, called in
    ```

[i-doit_29-30_hotfix_ID-10808.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29-30_hotfix_ID-10808.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[i-doit_30-31_hotfix_ID-10808.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/30/i-doit_30-31_hotfix_ID-10808.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### The encoding of umlauts are displayed in report titles at the database

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10403_873029a.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10403_873029a.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### JDisc mapping error

??? note "Related error message"
    Duplicate entry 'object-55-4052-80:aa:aa:aa:aa:aa,aa:aa:aa:aa:aa:aa,' for key 'isys_jdisc_mapping__type_device_serial_mac'. File: /data/www/idoit/src/classes/modules/jdisc/isys_module_jdisc.class.php Line: 4378

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10424.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10424.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Templates are not displayed when the for e.g. Nagios Add-on is installed

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10534.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10534.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### JDisc matches non existent object id

??? note "Related error message"
    Database error : Query error: 'INSERT INTO isys_cmdb_status_changes SET isys_cmdb_status_changes__isys_obj__id = 111222, isys_cmdb_status_changes__isys_cmdb_status__id = 6;': Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails (`idoit_data`.`isys_cmdb_status_changes`, CONSTRAINT `isys_cmdb_status_changes_ibfk1` FOREIGN KEY (`isys_cmdb_status_changes__isys_obj__id`) REFERENCES `isys_obj` (`isys_obj__id`) ON DELETE CAS) . File: /srv/www/idoit.pmd5.org/src/classes/components/isys_component_database_mysqli.class.php Line: 574

[i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10576.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10576.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Counter are not counting

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10582_27e6249.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10582_27e6249.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Person without rights can view object lists when using direct link

[i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10590_186ba09.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10590_186ba09.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Forms Add-on 1.2.0

### Object is not created when a attribute validation is used and no error is displayed

[forms_1.2.0_hotfix_AOF-38_69144fc.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/forms/forms_1.2.0_hotfix_AOF-38_69144fc.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Using Forms to create an object bypasses validation "unique" check

??? info "The only exception to unique checks are IPv4 addresses"

[forms_1.2_hotfix_AOF-54-43.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/forms/forms_1.2_hotfix_AOF-54-43.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Workflow Add-on 1.2

### Workflow Add-on User Permissions are not available

[workflow_1.2_workflow-51_b54b344.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/workflow/workflow_1.2_workflow-51_b54b344.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
