*[HTML]: Hyper Text Markup Language.
*[W3C]: World Wide Web Consortium.
*[Attribute]: An attribute is a documented value to an object. Attributes of the same kind are summarized in categories. Example: in the "General" category the CMDB status.
*[Category]: Thematically coherent attributes are summed up per object in categories. Three types of categories exist: global, specific and custom. They are also subdivided into single- and multi-value categories. Some categories are backwars while others serve as view. Last but not least special categories like "General" and the "Overview" exist.
*[Object browser]: If objects are in a relation, then this relation is often times documented via an object browser in i-doit. This is an attribute field which is used in many categories. An example is the "Purchased at" int he "Accounting" category, to document where an object has been purchased.
*[Object relation]: IT-components can not only be documented separately for themselves in i-doit, but they can also be put into relationships. There are various pre-configured types of relations which can be adjusted and expanded upon. Each relation is a separate object (with no license required) which is automatically created, edited or deleted. A relation consists of a master and a slave object. An emphasis can also be set.
*[Object]: In i-doit objects are all things which we document in an IT-documentation, no matter whether they are physical devices like server and clients, or logical constructs like networks and services. An object is defined by its object type, which determines what attributes can be filled with values for the object. In ITIL© the term "Configuration Item" (CI) is used. In the asset management the term "Asset Value" is widely spread. We want to establish a more abstract and therefore a more generally useful definition with the term "Object".
*[Object type Group]: It's not a rare thing that many object types are in usage in a living and well-filled IT-documentation. In order to make this abundance more transparent, object types of the same kind can be grouped. These groups appear in the main navigation bar (uppermost area) of i-doit.
*[Object type]: We call the sum of all objects of the same type object type. Examples are "Router", "Server" or "Applications". Typically this summary is also called "Class". In ITIL© the term "CI Type" is used.
