# Release Notes 1.7

> **i-doit 1.7 brings some important changes which you need to know before updating.**
> 
> System requirements have changed
> --------------------------------
> 
> The system requirements have changed. i-doit now needs a MySQL 5.6 or MariaDB 10 databbase engine. **Please update your database platform before updating i-doit.**
> 
> A manual and Tips for updating your database platform can be found at:[MariaDB](https://www.mariadb.org)
> 
> If you encounter any problems or difficulties, feel free to contact our support at [support@i-doit.com](mailto:support@i-doit.com). We are happy to assist you.
> 
> Search Index
> ------------
> 
> Starting with version 1.7 i-doit has a search index. The index is necessary to use the object search. It will be generated automatically when updating from 1.6 to 1.7. The only exception is when you have more than 500,000 licensed objects in your database. Installations with more than 500,00 licensed objects will get an advice message on manually generating the search index. The procedure to generate the index manually is described below.
> 
> Generally the search index gets updated automatically when making manual input or using import mechanisms.
> 
> If objects are being created via the API, the search index has to be generated by a crontab entry. For this purpose the i-doit controller got an enhancement to support creating the index. Here is an example crontab entry.
> 
>   **0 3 * * * /var/www/controller -u admin -p admin -i 1 -v -m search_index reindex**
> 
> If you encounter any problems or difficulties, feel free to contact our support at [support@i-doit.com](mailto:support@i-doit.com). We are happy to assist you.
> 
> Optional Switch Stacking migration
> ----------------------------------
> 
> Starting with i-doit 1.7 the Switch Stacking documentation has even more features. The category “Stacking” will be replaced by objects of type “Stacking”. You can find the new objecttype at the “other” menu.
> 
> This new objecttype has a new category called “Stack members” which contains all members of the stacking group.
> 
> When updating from 1.6, all previous information and categories are still available so you can use the “old” functionality. If you want to switch to the new functionalities, our support provides you a mechanism to migrate. Please contact our support at [support@i-doit.com](mailto:support@i-doit.com).
> 
> When doing a clean install, the old categories are no longer visible. All files and tables are still existent, but there is no entry in the GUI anymore.
> 
> VRRP/HSRP
> ---------
> 
> Also VRRP/HSRP documentation got renewed with the 1.7 release. the objecttype for VRRP/HSRP cluster now has dedicated categories to cover the needs for VRRP/HSRP documentation.
> 
> A migration is not necessarily needed. If you want to use the new categories, just start using them whenever you want to.