---
title: Version 23
description: Hotfix archive for version 23
lang: en
---

# Version 23

## About

Hotfixes fix a specific bug and are typically provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is extracted in the i-doit installation directory. When prompted whether to overwrite files during extraction, you can confirm (press **Y** for "yes" or **A** for "all"). Here is an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/
cd /var/www/html/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"

    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Newer versions will already contain these fixes, so reinstallation is not necessary.
    If you are using an older version of i-doit, you must first update to the current version.

    If a hotfix is required to perform the update of an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.

    Since these are hotfixes, we recommend only applying them if they are necessary for the proper operation of your installation or if you are requested to use them by support. Please ensure that a [backup of i-doit](../../../wartung-und-betrieb/daten-sichern-und-wiederherstellen/index.md) has been created before applying them.

    If you contact support after applying the hotfixes, please mention that you have used them.

!!! info "Currency"

    The system requirements listed below refer to the current version of i-doit, in this case **23**. These specifications are updated with each i-doit release. If you need the specifications for older versions of i-doit, you can follow the change history of this page.

!!! attention "Consent"

    By downloading a hotfix, you confirm that you have fully read and understood the above notices

## i-doit Core

### Images in fields which were inserted via URL or copy&paste are not displayed

!!! warning "If this occurs and the category is saved again, the images will be lost"

[i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9435_2f70cd2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9435_2f70cd2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Description field is limited to 65,535 characters

[i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9441_56d0fba.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9441_56d0fba.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Adding a model in category model not possible

[I-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9375_40177a3.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9375_40177a3.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Better object browser performance

[I-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9376_2ce8a0d.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9376_2ce8a0d.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### 'type' option for cmdb.objects filter does not work with id

[I-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9370_b8a4921.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9370_b8a4921.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### JDisc Import - "Only create newly scanned devices" creates duplicates

[i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9350.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/23/i-doit_23_hotfix_ID-9350.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Analyze Add-on 1.3

### Service assignment is not displayed in data quality

[Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/analyze/Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Forms Add-on 1.1.0

### Object Data is not saved or Categories are not loaded

It is necessary to re-index the category attributes via Systemtools, after applying the hotfix

[aof-17-incompatible-function-declaration.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/forms/aof-17-incompatible-function-declaration.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
