---
title: Version 24
description: Hotfix archive for version 24
lang: en
---

# Version 24

## About

Hotfixes fix a specific bug and are typically provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is extracted in the i-doit installation directory. When prompted whether to overwrite files during extraction, you can confirm (press **Y** for "yes" or **A** for "all"). Here is an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/
cd /var/www/html/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"

    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Newer versions will already contain these fixes, so reinstallation is not necessary.
    If you are using an older version of i-doit, you must first update to the current version.

    If a hotfix is required to perform the update of an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.

    Since these are hotfixes, we recommend only applying them if they are necessary for the proper operation of your installation or if you are requested to use them by support. Please ensure that a [backup of i-doit](../../../wartung-und-betrieb/daten-sichern-und-wiederhfirstllen/index.md) has been created before applying them.

    If you contact support after applying the hotfixes, please mention that you have used them.

!!! info "Currency"

    The system requirements listed below refer to the current version of i-doit, in this case **24**. These specifications are updated with each i-doit release. If you need the specifications for older versions of i-doit, you can follow the change history of this page.

!!! attention "Consent"

    By downloading a hotfix, you confirm that you have fully read and understood the above notices

## i-doit Core

### SQL query is wrongly created when using Assigned workstation -> Parent object

[I-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9315.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9315.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Variable report on overview page causes 500 error

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9476.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9476.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Path to save is deleted when editing from Backup (assigned Objects)

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9583_6c30c06.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9583_6c30c06.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### cmdb.category.purge does not work with C__CATG__LOCATION

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9589_6dcb916.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9589_6dcb916.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Wrong versions are loaded when multiple Operating systems are assigned

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9622_d9cd7ca.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9622_d9cd7ca.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Fatal error after update from 23 to 24 with PHP 7.4

[i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9474.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/24/i-doit_24_hotfix_ID-9474.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Analyze Add-on 1.3

### Service assignment is not displayed in data quality

[Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/analyze/Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
