---
title: Version 25
description: Hotfix archive for version 25
lang: en
---

# Version 25

## About

Hotfixes fix a specific bug and are typically provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is extracted in the i-doit installation directory. When prompted whether to overwrite files during extraction, you can confirm (press **Y** for "yes" or **A** for "all"). Here is an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/
cd /var/www/html/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"

    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Newer versions will already contain these fixes, so reinstallation is not necessary.
    If you are using an older version of i-doit, you must first update to the current version.

    If a hotfix is required to perform the update of an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.

    Since these are hotfixes, we recommend only applying them if they are necessary for the proper operation of your installation or if you are requested to use them by support. Please ensure that a [backup of i-doit](../../../wartung-und-betrieb/daten-sichern-und-wiederherstellen/index.md) has been created before applying them.

    If you contact support after applying the hotfixes, please mention that you have used them.

!!! info "Currency"

    The system requirements listed below refer to the current version of i-doit, in this case **25**. These specifications are updated with each i-doit release. If you need the specifications for older versions of i-doit, you can follow the change history of this page.

!!! attention "Consent"

    By downloading a hotfix, you confirm that you have fully read and understood the above notices

## i-doit Core

### It is not possible to retrieve the next online i-doit update via button check while updating i-doit

When you click on the **Check for a new version** button then version 26 is not displayed.

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9844.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9844.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Wrong i-doit version is downloaded at updater

When you click on the **Check for a new version** button then version 30 is displayed.

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-10745.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-10745.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Variable report on overview page causes 500 error

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9476.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9476.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Date field from custom categories not displayed in mapping of csv import

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9604.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9604.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Set database without overwriting service

Use this if you get a error like:

```
PHP Fatal error:  Uncaught Error: Class 'isys_auth_document' not found in /var/www/html/i-doit/src/classes/modules/document/isys_module_document.class.php:2776
```

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9729.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9729.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Reindex the Search is not working

Use this if you get a error like:

```
PHP Fatal error:  Uncaught Error: Call to a member function getCollector() on null in /var/www/html/main/src/classes/modules/cmdb/src/Search/Index/Signals.php:185
```

[i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9609.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/25/i-doit_25_hotfix_ID-9609.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## API Add-on 1.14.1

### Using API after update to i-doit 25 displays license error message

Use this when you receive an error message like:

```text
i-doit responded with an error: i-doit system error: Achtung: das "Checkmk 2" Modul ist aktuell nicht lizenziert
```

[api_1.14.1_hotfix_API-429_fa3e703.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/api/api_1.14.1_hotfix_API-429_fa3e703.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Analyze Add-on 1.3

### Service assignment is not displayed in data quality

[Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/analyze/Analysis_1.3_hotfix_ANALYSE-76_aa07fc2.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
