---
title: Version 29
description: Hotfix archive for version 29
lang: en
---

# Version 29

## About

Hotfixes fix a specific bug and are typically provided as a ZIP file. The ZIP file is extracted in the i-doit installation directory. When prompted whether to overwrite files during extraction, you can confirm (press **Y** for "yes" or **A** for "all"). Here is an example:

```shell
sudo cp i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip /var/www/html/
cd /var/www/html/
sudo -u www-data unzip i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
sudo rm i-doit_<version>_hotfix_<description>_<ticket>_<commit>.zip
```

!!! attention "Please note"
    Please use hotfixes exclusively with the specified version. Newer versions will already contain these fixes, so reinstallation is not necessary.
    If you are using an older version of i-doit, you must first update to the current version.<br>
    If a hotfix is required to perform the update of an older version, it can be found in the hotfix subchapters here in the Knowledge Base.<br>
    Since these are hotfixes, we recommend only applying them if they are necessary for the proper operation of your installation or if you are requested to use them by support. Please ensure that a [backup of i-doit](../../../wartung-und-betrieb/daten-sichern-und-wiederhfirstllen/index.md) has been created before applying them.<br>
    If you contact support after applying the hotfixes, please mention that you have used them.

!!! info "Currency"
    The system requirements listed below refer to the current version of i-doit, in this case ==29==. These specifications are updated with each i-doit release. If you need the specifications for older versions of i-doit, you can follow the change history of this page.

!!! attention "Consent"
    By downloading a hotfix, you confirm that you have fully read and understood the above notices

## i-doit core

### Migration error when updating (ID-10808)

Is used for doing the update from 29 or 30 to 31. Unzip File and do the Update.
Do **not** download the update package again, this would override the Hotfix.

??? info "Error message found in the web server logs"
    ```log
    Fatal error: Uncaught TypeError: getDefaultConfiguration(): Argument #1 ($className) must be of type string, null given, called in
    ```

[i-doit_29-30_hotfix_ID-10808.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29-30_hotfix_ID-10808.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[i-doit_30-31_hotfix_ID-10808.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/30/i-doit_30-31_hotfix_ID-10808.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### The encoding of umlauts are displayed in report titles at the database

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10403_873029a.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10403_873029a.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### JDisc mapping error

??? note "Related error message"
    Duplicate entry 'object-55-4052-80:aa:aa:aa:aa:aa,aa:aa:aa:aa:aa:aa,' for key 'isys_jdisc_mapping__type_device_serial_mac'. File: /data/www/idoit/src/classes/modules/jdisc/isys_module_jdisc.class.php Line: 4378

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10424.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10424.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Templates are not displayed when the for e.g. Nagios Add-on is installed

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10534.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10534.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### JDisc matches non existent object id

??? note "Related error message"
    Database error : Query error: 'INSERT INTO isys_cmdb_status_changes SET isys_cmdb_status_changes__isys_obj__id = 111222, isys_cmdb_status_changes__isys_cmdb_status__id = 6;': Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails (`idoit_data`.`isys_cmdb_status_changes`, CONSTRAINT `isys_cmdb_status_changes_ibfk1` FOREIGN KEY (`isys_cmdb_status_changes__isys_obj__id`) REFERENCES `isys_obj` (`isys_obj__id`) ON DELETE CAS) . File: /srv/www/idoit.pmd5.org/src/classes/components/isys_component_database_mysqli.class.php Line: 574

[i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10576.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10576.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Counter are not counting

[i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10582_27e6249.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix_ID-10582_27e6249.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Person without rights can view object lists when using direct link

[i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10590_186ba09.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/29/i-doit_29_hotfix-ID-10590_186ba09.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Forms Add-on 1.2.0

### Object is not created when a attribute validation is used and no error is displayed

[forms_1.2.0_hotfix_AOF-38_69144fc.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/forms/forms_1.2.0_hotfix_AOF-38_69144fc.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

### Using Forms to create an object bypasses validation "unique" check

??? info "The only exception to unique checks are IPv4 addresses"

[forms_1.2_hotfix_AOF-54-43.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/forms/forms_1.2_hotfix_AOF-54-43.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }

## Workflow Add-on 1.2

### Workflow Add-on User Permissions are not available

[workflow_1.2_workflow-51_b54b344.zip :material-file-download:](../../../assets/downloads/hotfixes/workflow/workflow_1.2_workflow-51_b54b344.zip){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
